add terminal docs (#65)
eth-cscs/cscs-docs: docs/access/vscode.md

    tar -xf vscode_cli_alpine_x64_cli.tar.gz
    ```

!!! note

>     See the guide on how to manage [architecture-specific binaries][ref-guides-terminal-arch] if you plan to use vscode on both x86 and Grace-Hopper clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See the guide on how to manage [architecture-specific binaries][ref-guides-terminal-arch] if you plan to use VScode on both x86 and ARM clusters.
```
